Update training material (DSL2, among other things) (#105)
seqeralabs/nf-training-public: asciidocs/modules.adoc

[c0/115bd6] process > SPLITLETTERS_two (1)   [100%] 1 of 1 ✔
[09/f9072d] process > CONVERTTOUPPER_two (2) [100%] 2 of 2 ✔
WORLD!
HELLO
WORLD!
HELLO
----
====

NOTE: You can store each process in separate files within separate sub-folders or combined in one big file (both are valid). For your own projects, it can be helpful to see examples on public repos. e.g. Seqera RNA-Seq tutorial

> https://github.com/seqeralabs/rnaseq-nf/tree/master/modules[here] or within nf-core projects  https://github.com/nf-core/rnaseq/tree/master/modules/nf-core/modules[here].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
https://github.com/seqeralabs/rnaseq-nf/tree/master/modules[here] or within nf-core modules project https://github.com/nf-core/rnaseq/tree/master/modules/nf-core/modules[here].
```

Reviewer: Small suggestion regarding the name of Github repo

Reviewer 2: The link isn't to the modules project though, it's to the rnaseq pipeline. I think this is about file organisation right? So the link looks good but I agree that the text is a bit vague.

```suggestion
https://github.com/seqeralabs/rnaseq-nf/tree/master/modules[here] or within nf-core pipelines, such as https://github.com/nf-core/rnaseq/tree/master/modules/nf-core/modules[nf-core/rnaseq].
```

Reviewer: Ah, then the `/modules` got me - good catch Phil!
